README.md, before:

# [Sergei Kolobov][] dotfiles

These configuration files are meant to be cross-platform as much as possible.
I am using them under the following operating systems:

* [macOS][]
* [FreeBSD][]
* [Ubuntu][]

My primary machine is currently a MacBook Pro running macOS 10.12 Sierra.

## Components

These configuration files are for the following systems:

* [Fish][] shell
* [Neovim][] editor
* [Git][] DVCS

All of these things are available via [Homebrew][] on [macOS][], and native
package managers on [FreeBSD][] and [Ubuntu][].

## Fish

I was previously a long-time [Zsh][] user, but switched to [Fish][] shell
some time ago and enjoying it very much - [Fish][] has become my favorite
shell.

Check out [Awesome Fish][] for excellent curated list of awesome tools,
prompts and other cool nuggets for the amazing Fish shell.

Additionally, [Fish shell cookbook][] contains a lot of tips and recipes for
[Fish][].

## Neovim

Sensible defaults for all the things! Check out my [Neovim config][] for more
info. It is pretty well documented.

Vim plugins are managed with [vim-plug][], so on first run in [Neovim][] you
will need to do a `:PlugInstall`.


## Fonts

If you want to take full advantage of [airline.vim][] you'll want to install
and use one of the [Powerline fonts][]. I recommend using [Nerd Fonts][].

[Sergei Kolobov]:	https://github.com/skolobov
[macOS]:			https://www.apple.com/macos/
[FreeBSD]:			https://www.freebsd.org
[Ubuntu]:			https://www.ubuntu.com
[Homebrew]:			http://brew.sh
[Fish]:				http://fishshell.com
[Neovim]:			http://neovim.io
[Git]:				https://git-scm.com
[Zsh]:				http://zsh.org
[Awesome Fish]:		https://github.com/jbucaran/awesome-fish
[Fish shell cookbook]:	https://github.com/jbucaran/fish-shell-cookbook
[Neovim config]:	neovim/init.vim
[vim-plug]:			https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug
[airline.vim]:		https://github.com/bling/vim-airline
[Powerline fonts]:	https://github.com/Lokaltog/powerline-fonts
[Nerd Fonts]:		http://nerdfonts.com

Commit message:

README: add Acknowledgements and License sections

README.md, after:

# [Sergei Kolobov][] dotfiles

These configuration files are meant to be cross-platform as much as possible.
I am using them under the following operating systems:

* [macOS][]
* [FreeBSD][]
* [Ubuntu][]

My primary machine is currently a MacBook Pro running macOS 10.12 Sierra.

## Components

These configuration files are for the following systems:

* [Fish][] shell
* [Neovim][] editor
* [Git][] DVCS

All of these things are available via [Homebrew][] on [macOS][], and native
package managers on [FreeBSD][] and [Ubuntu][].

## Fish

I was previously a long-time [Zsh][] user, but switched to [Fish][] shell
some time ago and enjoying it very much - [Fish][] has become my favorite
shell.

Check out [Awesome Fish][] for excellent curated list of awesome tools,
prompts and other cool nuggets for the amazing Fish shell.

Additionally, [Fish shell cookbook][] contains a lot of tips and recipes for
[Fish][].

## Neovim

Sensible defaults for all the things! Check out my [Neovim config][] for more
info. It is pretty well documented.

Vim plugins are managed with [vim-plug][], so on first run in [Neovim][] you
will need to do a `:PlugInstall`.


## Fonts

If you want to take full advantage of [airline.vim][] you'll want to install
and use one of the [Powerline fonts][]. I recommend using [Nerd Fonts][].

## Acknowledgements

Inspiration and code was taken from many sources, including:

* [Cătălin Mariș](https://github.com/alrra/dotfiles)
* [Gianni Chiappetta](https://github.com/gf3/dotfiles)
* [Mathias Bynens](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles)


## License

This project is available under the [BSD 3-Clause License](LICENSE).


[Sergei Kolobov]:	https://github.com/skolobov
[macOS]:			https://www.apple.com/macos/
[FreeBSD]:			https://www.freebsd.org
[Ubuntu]:			https://www.ubuntu.com
[Homebrew]:			http://brew.sh
[Fish]:				http://fishshell.com
[Neovim]:			http://neovim.io
[Git]:				https://git-scm.com
[Zsh]:				http://zsh.org
[Awesome Fish]:		https://github.com/jbucaran/awesome-fish
[Fish shell cookbook]:	https://github.com/jbucaran/fish-shell-cookbook
[Neovim config]:	neovim/init.vim
[vim-plug]:			https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug
[airline.vim]:		https://github.com/bling/vim-airline
[Powerline fonts]:	https://github.com/Lokaltog/powerline-fonts
[Nerd Fonts]:		http://nerdfonts.com
